Architecture Overview
	apache-utils -> prom-framework,prom-contexts
	basic-utils -> prom-framework,prom-contexts
	graphviz -> prom-framework,kitfox,prom-contexts
	kitfox
	log -> prom-models,prom-framework,basic-utils,prom-contexts
	log-skeleton -> prom-contexts,prom-framework,graphviz,log
	prom-contexts -> prom-framework
	prom-framework
	prom-models -> prom-framework
	prom-plugins -> prom-models,prom-framework,prom-contexts
	saxon
	widgets -> prom-contexts,prom-framework,prom-models


apache-utils:
That's a utility package containing apache-licensed third-party libraries

basic-utils:
The basic-utils is also a utility package and that contains the LGPL licensed packages.

graphviz:
Graphviz is a package that contains an implementation of Graphviz also known as "Dot", to visualize certain graphs using dot.

kitfox:
kitfox is a supporting library for graphviz.

log:
log contains the implementation of the event logs in ProM which includes a third-party library called "OpenXES" that we also developed. That the handling of the event logs basically. The model is there, a lot of plugins are there that handle the logs.

log-skeleton:
log-skeleton contains the implementation of the log skeleton model with the useful plugins like creating a log skeleton from a log, importing, exporting and visualizing. 

prom-contexts:
The prom-contexts implements the different contexts that ProM can run in. That is, at this moment in time, we have the ui context, called UITopia, and the command line interface context. So those implementations are over there.

prom-framework:
The prom-framework contains the implementation of the package manager, the plugin manager, the connection manager, and the provided object manager.

prom-models:
prom-models contains support for graph visualization or modelling. Basically it contains an abstract directed graph model that the developers can use. 

prom-plugins:
prom-plugins basically contains the two plugins that have been discussed here. One is show a list of all plugins that ProM knows and the other one is "Hello World". That's about it!

saxon:
saxon is also a utility package that contains the XML parser Saxon which has a different license than Apache or LGPL.

Widgets:
Widgets contains a collection of GUI widgets that are being used throughout ProM. So a lot of these dialogs and visualization widgets are implemented in here. And also the JGraph visualizer ... so we talked about the Graphviz that shows graphs using Dot, widgets contains the same but using JGraph.


